hey guys combination here today with a
brand new video for you guys today's
video is gonna be a little unpackaging a
little unboxing for you I have two
knives here one from warriors and
wonders and one from pvk or knife Zillah
this one is actually a knife they sent
me for free because they actually messed
up my last order they sent me one wrong
knife though they sent me the right one
with this order and this one is a new
awesome balisong so I hope you guys like
it I will start off with this one I'm
gonna use my dragonfly for this one I
got this with my last order
we'll get that open else in there okay
and here's the box and there we go there
it is the Kiwi the Spyderco Kiwi very
very nice looking nice very very unique
really cool I really like this I'm glad
I could finally get this this is a slip
at knife the other one I got was as well
it was a slip it they got them mixed up
I guess I think they sent me a honeybee
but that's kind of cool got two knives
they're really nice there this is a just
such a cool little little shaped knife I
love it so there's the first one the
Kiwi and let's actually open this one
with the Kiwi
okay and I do live in Canada so as most
of you guys probably do know so that's
why this packaging may seem a little bit
weird to you holy crap this sticky they
really package this stuff secure since
it's going over the border okay there's
and yes there it is the Bradley come
here a5 oh I can't wait
been waiting for this knife for a while
awesome oh that's sick the Bradley
Chimaera v very very cool I love that
new handle design they made this is the
same spearpoint blade design they have
on the Chimaera one and the Chimera too
just with new handles I believe they
actually did use a different steel for
the for the blade as well made in the
USA
very very nice extremely extremely sharp
really nice I have a closer look there
Bradley cutlery you can see those new
handles they're expect to review on this
very very soon
can't wait to get a review on that I'm
actually just gonna get my c'mere 3 out
just for a second just to compare it
so there's the camere 3 and the Chimaera
5 just a little comparison there you can
tell the differences in the handles
they're obviously a lot different both
very very cool gotta love these knives
they come extremely tight oh yeah barely
and II play they're awesome I love that
yeah guys so definitely stay tuned for a
review on these or at least on these to
the Kiwi here and the Chimaera 5 so
there's my new two knives of the day
alright guys thanks for watching take
care bye bye
you